In this program, I make a thrift shop simulation where people enter their name and balance to enter the shop. If they have enetered them correctly (balance is a numerical value; if it isn't, the program lets the user know there has been a mistake). Once in the queue, the first person is the current customer and they can choose which item to buy from a combobox which updates itself everytime an item is bought. The price is decided by the day, which is chosen randomly when the program runs. Like in a thrift shop, the price per kilogram changes daily, so to simulate that each day has a separate price hard-coded and when the day is randomly chosen, the respective price is applied to calculate the price of each item by multiplying the weight and the daily price per kilogram, which the program outputs so that the user can see it. If the balance of the person is not enough to buy a certain item, the program outputs a message to let them know and they can choose to buy another item if their balance is sufficient or leave the shop by pressing the exit button. If they leave the shop, the queue gets updated and the next person becomes the current user, after which the same steps apply. If there is no next person, the program outputs that there are no customers at this time and if an attempt is made to buy an item, the program outputs a "no customer" message. If all items are bought, the program outputs a message to let the user know that there are no more available items in the shop, which then leaves them with the option to leave the shop. When the frame is closed the program stops running, which is also the end of the thrift shop simulation. 
Some key fucntionalities I used in my code:
- switch-case: for deciding which day of the week it is in the simulation using a randomly generated int value between 1 and 7 and making the price in accordance with that
- try-catch: in multiple places, such as action listeners and writing names and balance (balance is casted as String value) to a text file
- timer: to clear out labels and text fields a few seconds after a message has been shown in them, making it easier for the reader to work with the program
- overriding: multiple methods are overriden, such as run() in every timerTask, as well as toString() to show only the name of an item in the combobox, instead of the whole object in binary
- streams and files: all new customers have their name and balance written to a text file (to prevent theft by recording all names)
